Feature/timi/search guide (#605)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/android/v3/guides/search/extras/java-query-filter-example.md

```java
void findRestroom() {

>     //Here we will create an empty query because we are only interrested in getting locations that match a category. If you want to be more specific here where you can add a query text like "Handicap Toilet"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    //Here we will create an empty query because we are only interrested in getting locations that match a category. If you want to be more specific here where you can add a query text like "Unisex Restroom"
```

    MPQuery mpQuery = new MPQuery
            .Builder()
            .build();

    List<String> categories = new ArrayList<>();
    categories.add("RESTROOMS");

    // Init the filter builder and build a filter, the criteria in this case we want maximum 50 restrooms
    MPFilter mpFilter = new MPFilter
            .Builder()
            .setCategories(categories)
            .setTake(50)
            .build();

    MapsIndoors.getLocationsAsync(mpQuery, mpFilter, (locations, error) -> {

>         //Check if there is an error and itterate through the list to do what you need with the search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        //Check if there is an error and iterate through the list to do what you need with the search
```
